# city-skies

city-skies is interactive collaborative audio-reactive LED control software.

LED output is generated by compositing individual layers of patterns with different blending modes. each layer is a simple python generator which may declare its own variables. a web server provides a REST api for controlling the layers and variables.

additionally:
* a global color palette is used by default, but each layer may use its own internal color palette and may declare additional color palette variables to use.
* audio data can be accessed in each layer through a standard api, with existing support UDP streaming audio sources.

see the [documentation](./docs/index.md)

# getting started

it is easiest to get started with the unix port, using a Mac or Linux machine. (windows support is currently limited by MicroPython)
runtime performance on microcontrollers is not great due to the interruption of animation caused when new programs are interpreted, however the unix port is fast enough to be used for live performances.

follow instructions in [ports/unix/README.md](./ports/unix/README.md) to get started.

# contributing

ways to contribute:
* **write example shards**: use the hidden_shades api to write generalized generators that make cool patterns
* **save preset examples**: save preset combinations of layers (with layer settings) [right now I need help making a tool to do this, and documenting the format. it is basically an array of layer settings with the layer configuration and variable values]
* **port this all to CPython**: this should not be too hard, I just happened to write this all with MicroPython for another use case. ultimately this can be a CPython program with minimal dependencies (web server, asyncio, pysicgl, and hidden_shades module)
* **update the python CLI interface tool**: it is now out of date with the latest changes to the API. you can check the [city-skies-app](https://github.com/oclyke/city-skies-app) for an implementation of the API

# license

see [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md)
